# CodeIgniter Minimalist Blog Engine

This is my first CodeIgniter Project, it's a minimalist blog engine, a little
too minimalist at the moment, but it's going to evolve slowly.

It's intended to be user for a personal blog with one blog writer, thus the
excessive simplicity.

At the moment, there is just the PHP and the HTML. I will add the styling as
soon as possible.

	NOTE: To create a new user for the first time I created a temporary
	"method" (for now):

	Just point your browser to {base_url()}/user/signup
	ie: http://localhost/cimble/user/signup

	This will create the following user:

		email    :  admin
		password :  admin

## Announcement
In the near future I will rename the application Azog. I will not replace CIMBlE directly,
what I am going to do is create a new git repository with the new name. So for the very fiew
followers of the project, once you see the new Azog project that means the CIMBlE project won't
be updated anymore.

## Changelog
### 15/01/10
* Integrated the new breadcrumbs library, Azbraz. Also breadcrumbs generate themselves according to the URI.
* Integrated FirePHP for making debugging easier. This won't be in the final release.
* RSS Feed!
* Threaded comments. Although you won't directly be able to see it since there is no style, you can now reply to comments.
* Integrated HTMLPurifier for security. Posting a new comment now takes a little bit longer but it's worth it (necessary too)
* Cleaned up the code a bit.
* I removed the user_guide

I probably forgot some things too...
